Howy Lou is an absolute legend. I mean,
this guy started Air Table, half a
billion in revenue, a billion dollars in
the bank, growing quarter after quarter.
So, he's one of those people that when I
want to know where is the world going, I
call Howie. This episode is structured
into two parts. First, where is the
opportunity when it comes to AI agents?
I think that there's a trillion dollars
up for grabs in AI agents. Does he think
there's more? Does he think there's
less? Spoiler alert, he thinks there's
way more and we get into it. The second
part of the episode is where he reveals
hyperagent.com. Now, Hyperagent is an AI
agent builder that allows you to build
digital employees, allows you to build
apps on different ideas, and I don't
know why more people aren't talking
about it. So, I had him just give us the
tips and tricks for how to use Hyper
Agent so that you can outperform 99.9%
of people. I got good news. How is going
to give you $1,000 of Hyper Agent
credits, no strings attached. You just
log into the account, there's going to
be a,000 bucks right there to go and
build the business of your dreams. The
catch is first a,000 people do it, get
the $1,000. He's committing a million.
How crazy is that? Just writing a
million-doll check of tokens to you, to
the Startup Ideas podcast community to
play with Hyper Agent, to automate some
stuff, to do some research, to build
their business. So, thanks Howie. You
know, all I ask is you like and comment
on this video. Show some love for Howie
for doing such a cool thing. We need
more entrepreneurs, more builders, and
it's I'm stoked to see him support you
all. Thank you to Air Table for
sponsoring this episode. You guys are
legends. Enjoy the episode and have a
creative day.
>> Feeling really lucky right now because
we've got Howie. He's the co-founder and
CEO of Air Table. And today we're going
to talk about agents. He's going to do a
little showand tell of his new product
that I've been using for the last few
weeks. Um, but first, Howie, I have been
I haven't been sleeping very much to be
honest.
>> Agent psychosis.
>> Yeah, exactly. And I've I I just need
your reaction to some to just some
things I've been thinking about.
>> Yeah.
So this chart over here it's by Sequoia.
In what domains are AI AI agents
deployed? You can see software
engineering is at almost 50%, back
office at 9%, marketing and
copyrightiting 4%, sales and CRM 4.3%
and down.
>> When you see this like what's your
reaction?
>> I mean I think
two things. One is I think it absolutely
reflects the underpenetration of AI in
industries that clearly could already be
disrupted or benefit with even today's
AI capabilities. Right? If you took like
frontier agents today and deployed them
into every one of these categories, you
should get to 100%. And then two I think
even the higher numbers like software
engineering is actually kind of an
overestimate meaning you know like as I
think frontier developers and companies
applying frontier agentic development
practices are finding like you know the
new model of software development is not
even just like every engineer using AI
autocomplete like tab autocomplete which
like we all figured out like 3 years ago
right u with even github copilot but
it's now like you don't even need the
IDE right like the way I develop on
hyper agent is I have like 30 different
cloud code instances running in parallel
and each one is coupled up to like a
browser fully autonomous. It can go and
like get other agents to comment on any
uh PRs it creates. And so like this
modality shift of like you know no AI to
like kind of what I would call gen one
AI which is like basically like AI
augmentation for still like very
human-driven development workflows.
Andre Karpathy talked about like you
know in October November is when he
completely inverted from like mostly
still human written code with AI
augmentation to completely the opposite
right and that's what we've seen like
the frontier companies leap into like I
think even the 50% is an underestimate
because the number of companies and even
people who have switched into that new
frontier mode is actually like you know
definitely less than 50% of software
engineering today right so I think what
we're actually seeing is like the
frontier is advancing so quickly and
many companies and many industries and
many functions are barely catching up to
like the threeear ago state-of-the-art
let alone like you know disrupting
themselves and their you know and their
industry with the new state-of-the-art
>> right well I mean another way to think
about it is like there's co-pilot
territory these these charts are from
Sequoia right there's co-pilot territory
there's autopilot territory like
>> how do you see you know you look at this
right uh this, you know, this is what
Sequoia says. There's a there's a
trillion dollars up for grabs within
agents. Yeah.
>> Um but they're very different. What's
your reaction to this?
>> I mean, look, I I think um
to me it's like these agents really
reached a breakthrough
>> really, you know, call it like four or
five months ago, right? And
>> um I think developers felt this with
Opus. uh you know, Opus 4.5 just kind of
set a new high water mark of like, wo,
this thing for the first time like
really feels like a true software
engineer that's able to work like on a
task that would have taken a real human
engineer like maybe many hours if not
days. It can go do it completely
autonomously and it ships me a perfect
clean PR that I can just review like a
you know like a reviewer would, right?
And I think that that experience is
going to be unlocked and already is
unlockable across every single other
domain, right? Because we kind of just
reached this point where like the models
are more than smart enough, right? Like
you talk to these models even in like a
more synchronous like chat interaction,
not like an autonomous agent interaction
and you like you can ask it the most
advanced things, give it like really
complicated subject matter content,
right? like management consulting, you
give it like, you know, kind of some
some really hard meaty problems in the
context thereof and it gives you really
smart answers that truly are like expert
level. And so it's clear that the model
intelligence is there. The models are
smart enough also to kind of coherently
execute across multiple terms with lots
of tools and and context. And so I think
it's more of just a matter of how and
how quickly we can deploy agents into
every role in industry before we can
like truly just almost do anything that
humans could do in each of these
functions with agents. And I mean the
TAM for that is like not even a
trillion. It's like probably like the
whole GDP of like all white collar labor
which is like obviously many tens of
trillions, right? Like in in even like
the western hemisphere alone,
>> right? which is sort of like I don't
understand how you're not how people
aren't motivated to create startups
right now in that sense like the person
listening to this is like
>> yes yes yes Howie you know um but it
just feels like you know I can't think
of a better time to be creating a
startup than now
>> totally when this right
>> I think like I mean yeah I think the
weird thing is like it's almost like
using is believing right like it's
really hard to fully gro the power here
if you haven't actually gone and
hands-on, spent like at least a full
weekend playing with agents, right?
Like, and that means more than just a
superficial like you did like some naive
like oneshot thing like, "Hey, like you
know, who's going to win the next
presidential election?" Like kind of
question that you could have asked a
chatbot. Like, I think people are not
actually coming in and they're doing
light experimentation. They're not
actually putting an an am am am am am am
am am am am am am am am am am am am am
am ambitious enough prompt or task in
front of the frontier agents and they're
still kind of using it like they use gen
one chat bots and like until you
actually experience the full power and
autonomy of these frontier agents um you
know I think it's hard to fully
extrapolate like what types of companies
can be built now that weren't possible
before structurally how could you build
like a multi-billion revenue business
with one human and like hundreds of
agents, right? Like you have to use it
to to get it.
>> Also, you know, this is another chart I
can't stop thinking about, which is the
uni unic economics just absolutely
crushed when you look at a human a human
human person versus an AI agent and what
a cost like you can create some serious
gross margin businesses on top of this.
>> 100%. And this is the funny one because
you know I've seen kind of you know a
lot of people like complain about the
the cost per token of the frontier
models right so like opus 4.6 now 7
clearly the most expensive model right
um you know and then like GB 5.4 are
very good still kind of expensive even
open source like you know like it's
cheaper but like it's not free right and
I think like people you know are some
people are struggling I've seen to like
you know adapt to this mental model of
like you know in the old days of
software like a lot of stuff was free
like you could get like I mean even
chatbt has a free version right that you
just use however much you want you get a
cheap dumb model but like you're not
expending that many tokens cuz it's not
actually doing like autonomous
multi-turn work and expending like a
billion tokens like every few days,
right? Like it's much more token cheap
or token token lean. And I think that
like we have to get over this hump of
like, you know, anchoring our price
expectations for AI on like traditional
subscription software where it's like,
oh my god, I have to pay like 20 bucks
for like Netflix per month now instead
of like whatever it was $12.99 before.
And instead, think of this as like,
yeah, like to your point, like how much
would it have cost a human to do the
thing, right? like you know if I wanted
to go and like create an entire
marketing campaign um or actually in my
you know CEO CEO role like it's funny
like one of our recent uh board memos
that I wrote uh and sent out to our
entire board and and kind of major
investor list like you know a lot of it
was researched and crafted by hyper
agent right obviously with like my you
know kind of instincts and context and
whatever imbued into the agent um and of
course I I oversee it at the end but
like I got feedback that that was the
best memo from some of our best
investors that I had ever written. And
I'm like, "Yeah, like you know, because
an agent did it. And by the way, I got
to do it in like 10 times less time."
And so, like, even if it cost me, let's
call it like $150 of tokens to generate
that output, like think about the
opportunity it cost my time. And so, I
think that is a real reframe moment
that's needed. um is let's think of this
as like what is the human equivalent
time cost versus wow $150 that sounds
really expensive versus like a $10 per
month sub
100%. Yeah. I think uh the way I always
think about it is like I anchor it
around value, right? What's the value
I'm getting out of that? I mean the
truth is with your you know your board
deck or whatever like
>> it probably was the best out you know it
probably was the best because you had
you had so much research support. Yeah,
totally.
>> Um, two more quick graphs and then I
want to get into uh hyper agent.
>> Um,
percent of enterprise apps with embedded
AI agents.
>> Um, you know, this is the fastest
adoption curve in enterprise history,
right? So like when you see this,
>> you know, how do you react?
I am not surprised and I think even this
reflects the pace at which like
incumbents can even like integrate AI
into their products, right? And I think
even that is like stmmied by like just
incumbency and like you know kind of how
how seriously did enterprises um you
know uh enterprise apps or enterprise
app makers or internal app teams like
take this. I think the real show of how
profound this growth curve is is like if
you take the aggregate revenue created
from from zero of all the leading AI
companies right or companies like doing
AI things like take open eye and
entropic alone right let's just say they
have a combined revenue probably of like
80 million uh plus right or 80 billion
sorry plus right now up from like
basically zero a few years ago like what
in in the history of software like has
there ever been an industry where like
any company let alone like or even in
aggregate like you know across all the
companies you got a category that went
from zero to like you know 80 billion
plus right and that's not even including
like all of the other AI providers
inference uh inference providers and
like you know tooling etc like out there
like the the revenue of like I think the
AI category is an even sharper curve and
I think that really reflects like just
how profound this lightning in a bottle
is
>> totally and just from an opportunity
perspective it's like you know selling
to these enterprises and helping them
figure it out and and and just you know
helping them transform is just you know
a huge a huge uh opportunity
>> totally I think it's like probably the
one like one of the bigger cash grabs in
like business history is you know there
there's kind of two angles I think that
you know to create uh a very valuable
business right now with with AI as a
wedge right one is PLG And obviously we
see a lot of these like PLG products. I
kind of put OpenClaw itself in this
category because even though it's like
not actually like a monetized business
like it is getting this massive amount
of adoption, right? And and uh you know
just the raw token consumption through
OpenClaw is I'm sure in the many
hundreds of millions if not billions
already, right? Um and and likewise
other other products in the PLG genre.
So that's one way just like let people
use the AI thing that actually works and
you're going to get profound growth. But
the other is like to come in top down
Palunteer style. This is why opening eye
and anthropic and like you know the the
big guys are also doing it. There's new
companies as well going after this
opportunity which is go pitch to every
enterprise board and CEO like we will
fix your AI problem. Pay us a massive
check like give us a $100 million plus
check and we will purportedly solve your
problems for you. Like that is a
existential
like risk mitigation that like every
large company incumbent should be
willing to pay because frankly like the
CEO's choice is like either I pay it and
I risk wasting $100 million and maybe
getting fired over it or like I don't do
anything with AI and I'm definitely
getting fired over it. So on a game
theory level, it's like everybody's
going to pay it right now. whether that
actually results in like long-term
substantial structural like you know
kind of transformation to the business
that probably could be run now with like
five people maybe instead of like 50,000
right in some cases. Uh that's a bigger
question.
>> Yeah. And and this this is uh you know
it sort of speaks to my my last point
too which is like if you can help a
company uh you know run a fleet of 20
agents doing customer intel content
production competitive research lead
enrichment like all these different
things like this is the future of work
like in one image right an agent command
center right yeah
>> so when you see this your reaction
>> I mean look that literally is a view in
hyper agent uh I look I feel like I'm
looking at a hyper agent And I think
this is the future right like we are
building towards a world where you know
it may not be that every company is like
literally one person right and we have a
lot of like one person companies you
know but I do think like every company
will have a fleet of agents and you know
what's interesting to me is actually
that like you know agents are converging
on like these purposeful like they
almost map to job roles that humans were
playing right and you know maybe It's a
little bit like why are why are robots
like hardware robots converging on a
humanoid for form factor? And part of it
is like well like a lot of the
infrastructure of everything we have in
our homes in construction sites in in
factories are built for human
ergonomics. So for the robot to
effectively you know kind of um just
kind of insert themselves seamlessly
with the current infrastructure they
have to kind of have human scale you
know kind of capabilities right and so I
think there's a kind of very similar
phenomenon happening with agents which
is it's not like I guess like 5 years
ago when people talked about super
intelligence I always imagined like
there's going to be just like like this
single omnipotent like AI that just like
figures everything out and looks
everything all at once like everything
everything everywhere all at once right
and I think now like I'm more and more
of the belief that like there are going
to be fundamental
and and always you know kind of present
limitations on like context windows for
instance right I I just don't think
we're we're ever going to get to a point
to where like a an AI model can like
have infinite context window right and I
think there's like a physics to that
right like you can just literally only
have so much attention and like so much
you know context at once. And you know,
I think what that means is that like for
the same reason why we partition humans
into different roles and or structures
so that not everyone in a company has to
know everything and work on everything
all at once. Like I think the same is
true for agents and so hence like you
get this like overview of agents that
actually maps like to kind of intuitive
human played roles really well and
that's the really kind of interesting
emerging phenomen phenomenon for me. You
know, I just uh recently like spent um
some time playing around with
paperclipip, which was kind of fun uh
because it literally creates the org
chart metaphor. Um but I think this is
really exciting, right? Where
>> it's in a way it's it's both familiar
because we're not like just completely
upending like everything we knew about
like job functions and like roles in the
old world to the AI world. And yet like
there is a rethink and relication of
like okay how do I play that content
production role with an agent
>> right well I think we should get into
hyper agent I think now is the time
right so
>> you know for the listener like what is
hyper agent why are you building it and
this is a showand tell podcast so
>> you know by the end of this part of you
know by the end of this episode like you
know can you commit to you know giving
all the sauce around how to use hyper
agent to to sort of build a business.
>> Sure. Yeah, let's let's go for it. So,
this is Hyper Agent. I'm currently in a
thread. I'll zoom out in a second and
kind of um show you what like the uh
entry point looks like. But, you know,
think of Hyper Agent as like if all of
these other agent products out there
like Open Cloud, etc. are kind of more
like Linux. Like Hyper Agent is our take
on like the Mac version of it. Like we
want it to just work to be secure. It's
cloudnative. Like, you know, you don't
have to run a Mac Mini. And and perhaps
most importantly, like you know, Hyper
Agent is like applying a lot of the same
design philosophy and like obsession
with great UX that we applied to the
noode app category 10 years ago, but now
to agents, right? Meaning like apps are
kind of complicated, right? Like you
know, if you're a developer, even at
that time, you could build a Rails app,
you had like a data layer, a logic
layer, a view layer, but like it was
kind of technical, right? And we're very
technical. And the whole idea of air
tableable was to distill that into a
really intuitive experience. In fact, we
were very inspired by like the
Macintosh, the guey, like taking
terminalbased command line computing and
making it into something that like
people could just gro immediately. And
so, you know, Hyper Agent is really
intended to be like a very intuitive and
like visual uh way of using agent. So,
this is actually a um a task thread that
I I ran a little bit earlier. And uh
this is actually one of your startup
ideas, Greg, uh that we had a hyper
agent work on. Um and basically the
pitch was hyper local uh market reports
for real estate agents generated from
public data, right? And um and so
basically this agent went around and did
research on the landscape of the market.
Um it ran a bunch of like analysis. It's
got full coding capability. It's got a
full sandbox environment. So, it is
running a full computer. It's just one
in the cloud, not like, you know, kind
of your your own computer. And you can
connect it to all your accounts if you
want. Like, it can access your Slack and
Granola and email. It can send stuff if
you want it to on your behalf or just
pre-draft emails. Um, you know, it's got
uh already preconfigured ability to do
things like pull from Twitter, um, use
uh advanced tools like generate imagery
or use Google Maps, etc. But basically
what happened was it went around it and
did all of this. It researched the
opportunity, right? And then created
this research brief. Um, and let me just
uh show you what this one looks like.
Um, this is kind of the business case
for uh for the idea you pitched, right?
I kind of love it because like I
actually think um you know these what I
would call like medium-sized markets
like it's not like a hundred billion
dollar market which is going to be super
competitive and there's going to be
massive incumbents going after it but I
really love this idea of like the kind
of like maybe it's not micro it's more
like mini or medium market like couple
billion tam large which is to say you
can build a very lucrative business even
capturing like a double digit percent
chunk of this like you can make a few
hundred million per year and yet like
It's small enough to where really big
guys are not coming after it, right? So,
um you know, this this uh this agent
created kind of a business case for it.
It found some really cool um like user
validation of the problem. So, it s like
you know looked up Reddit like you know
and found like some real real estate
people who are actually saying like I
need this product, right? So, it's kind
of validating the market need. Here's
actually the current problem. Uh I
didn't even know about this but like
apparently I guess there was some like
legal thing that um you know kind of
changed uh you know kind of the dynamic
of the market. Um people don't want more
software like you know another tool with
an interface and did like some
competitive analysis. Here's who who who
else is out there. Um and then kind of
just put together the case for this
right but then you know better yet like
you don't just have to stop there right
you can go and like actually tell it to
go and just build a v1 of the product.
So in this case because hyperagent has
full coding capability it just went
ahead and like created a v1 of this
product right which uh I think this will
actually work like where do you farm
like um here's uh my report style
>> it also looks really clean
>> what's that yeah I mean and honestly a
lot of this is just like if you have a
good Frontier agent running a Frontier
model i.e. like Opus you know 4.7 or GD
5.4 before like it just does a lot of
this really well out of the box. So any
Frontier agent powered by Frontier model
should be able to create an app of this
quality. What's unique about Hyper agent
is that it can do that perfectly well
but then kind of do that in the in the
workflow of like it's not just an app
builder. App building is just a feature
now. It's a commoditized feature and
what it can actually do is like go and
research the end to end of like here's
actually the business context of what
I'm trying to do and then build the app
informed by it. Right? So, it's more
like Hyper Agent is the founder in this
case. It's not just the developer, it's
the founder. Um, one other cool thing I
like about Hyper Agent is like it just
comes out of the box with like really
powerful tools. So, it has like, you
know, Google Maps as a tool and it can
actually go and like let's say I think I
already did this, but um like I wanted
it to go and actually find like real
street view imagery of billboard
locations. So it knows how to use street
view to like find actual points of
interest and then to take that image and
use that as a reference seed image uh
for like a uh AI image generation or
video generation, right? So like I mean
another cool thing you can do with hyper
agent uh is you could tell it like take
this house and like I want you to
redesign the house using interior photos
from Zillow or like the exterior shots
and it will do that like really really
well. Right? So, um, that's hyper agent
in a in a nutshell. Uh, can walk through
some of the other stuff here. Um, you
know, once you actually build like a lot
of agents, then you get like this this
ability to start looking at like, well,
what if I wanted to see, you know, um,
not just my one agent, sorry, but um,
but an overview of all of my agents,
right? So, this is not like a very built
out account. This would be like your
first week of hyper agent use. But like
literally that command center view that
we talked about like you know we want
you to be able to create many different
agents that each play a role. Here's the
content marketer. Here's here's the
market researcher. Here's like the like
customer email responder and like just
manage and oversee an entire fleet of
agents. Um constantly improve them
because we actually have this ability to
go and like you know curate memory and
skill improvements from every run that
you do. And then finally to be able to
deploy them into a team setting as well.
So if you wanted to take any of these
agents and actually give it the ability
to talk in Slack, right? So I can
actually say like let me put this into
Slack. Let me have it always on, always
listening in fact, and you know just sit
there in my channels listening to
everything I'm talking about, my team's
talking about, and when I have something
relevant to add to automatically chime
in and then people can interact with me
truly like I'm an, you know, I'm a
virtual co-orker, right? And I think
that's kind of part of the open claw
experience I've seen some of the power
users achieve that's really quite
magical. Like your Slack co-workers are
now agents in addition to humans and
they're really smart and they have their
own like expertise and context. Like you
get that with a single click out of any
agent that you build in hyper agent.
>> So you mentioned skills, you know, how
does skills work on hyper agent and h
how should people think about it? Yeah.
So skills um are I think like the most
important concept or primitive in the
frontier agents world. Meaning the
models are generally intelligent enough.
It's like find like Albert Einstein
who's like obviously super smart in a
general sense and he may not know like
how to solve problems in real estate,
but if you gave him like just the right
like kind of briefing on like here's a
playbook, here's a manual to learn
everything you need to do to know to do
this job in real estate, like he's going
to go and like figure it out pretty
well, right? And so what's really
powerful about skills is like they're a
really really composable concept. Like
you can interactively create skills. So,
let's say I'm actually going to create
like a new thread here. Just keep this
super clean, but like help me create
a skill that um posts Greg Eisenberg
like AI content.
Okay. And so, what's really powerful
about this is like,
>> no, don't create this. Don't create
>> no. Okay. But, but worse enough that you
know we don't take Greg's uh business.
Um, but what's really cool about this is
like it's not going to just like go and
like like say, okay, like you know, I'm
just going to have a prompt that, you
know, pretends to be Greg Eisenberg. It
can actually go and like, you know,
research um how you actually do content.
So, it's coming up with a plan. The plan
is like I'm going to first go and like
research your style, figure out like
what platform I care about, like look at
some of your actual posts and then
distill all that into a skill that I can
then pin to an agent or like just use on
demand at any point, right? So, let's
say um just for fun uh like what um what
platforms uh do you want to post to?
Let's just say X for now. Uh we're going
to have the skill only generate drafts.
So, it's not going to auto post for you.
Is there any kind of uh content you want
your uh agent Eisenberg to uh to be
focused on?
>> Um yeah, let's do contrarian AI takes.
>> Okay, cool. Um and then any topics
beyond that like
>> solopreneur, bootstrap, life
>> and then how do you want to use this
agent? Um if uh if you end up using this
agent like you know do you want to like
start with an idea? Do you want it to
just like come up with ideas for you?
Yeah, I don't want to do I don't want to
do anywhere. Like we'll go full
autonomous, right? Like someday we're
gonna have to see if like real Greg is
actually just sitting at the pool all
day and
>> it's just created the the uh Greg Avatar
version of you uh and is doing
everything on its own. But okay, so now
it's like going to go and like do some
research about you and figure out like
how to skill distill the perfect skill
for for Greg like into this skill. How
should people think about you know hyper
agent versus perplexity computer versus
manis versus openclaw itself?
>> Yeah. So
>> codeex like how do you how do you see
it? So I think um against codeex you
know it's quite simple like hyper agent
is a more general purpose agent platform
right I think against open openclaw like
this is much more turnkey ready to go
safe and secure by default cloud native
like you know and and I think just much
more focus on like great UX right open
claw like when you actually have to go
into configuration or like you're trying
to edit memories or do any kind of
curation or like kind of configuration
it's you know it's it's quite raw right
it's like a very, you know, kind of raw
product kind of feels like it's more for
like very technical people who've become
like expert at it. Um, I think Perplexi
and Manis or Perplexi Computer and Manis
are like the closest comps for Hyper
Agent. Um, the key difference is like
one, you know, Hyper Agent has more
powerful tools out of the box and uh and
also is it has more focus on UX out of
the box, right? Like, you know, I've
spent some time playing with both of
those products. I think they're great
products and like you know at their time
and you know or at least when manis
first came out it's truly groundbreaking
right like it was the first kind of real
like holy crap like yolo agent like look
at everything it did um kind of like
before even openclaw right long before
openclaw um and so I think they were
really kind of pioneers in this space um
with hyper agent like we've just taken a
very UX focused approach so for people
who like you know seeing visually and be
able to like interact with the outputs
and see more visually like what the
agent is doing and have a more visual
way of you know uh defining skills
deploying skills creating agents etc.
Hyper agent is just much more of like
the Macintosh experience right versus
the Linux. Um I think secondarily we've
also kind of done a lot more to make
hyper agent immediately ready to run not
just like one like agent like I think
the nominal experience for manis and
perplexic computer is still like you use
those products and you kind of have this
like agent that's pretty awesome and you
know you use it directly right um you
can do that with hyper agent that's
exactly what we're doing here but it's
also designed from day one with much
more of like the scalability and
deployability story in mind so meaning
like once I have an agent that kind of
works for me. I can now deploy it one
click into my Slack channel and now
everyone in my company can benefit from
this agent just always on like kind of
chiming into conversations. You know,
they can ask it questions, it will
respond. You have the command center,
that fleet view where it's not just one
agent, you can oversee your entire fleet
of multiple agents. And we even have
things like, you know, the ability to
oversee and curate like the learnings
that that keep making each agent better.
So like they kind of have this automatic
self-improvement loop where over time
they're accumulating not just new
memories but also like suggesting to
you, hey maybe you should add this
additional skill or update or tweak the
skill or even like maybe you should go
and actually try changing my agent
system prompt or give me access to
different tools so I can do this type of
job better. And best yet like we
actually have this concept of what we
call rubrics um which is exactly what it
sounds like. It's like a eval rubric.
And what you can do with rubrics that's
really powerful is actually like define
what does good look like for a certain
type of task, right? So I could create
one here that's like what is a rubric
for great Greg Eisenberg content. And
what it basically does is I can then
have a full eval loop where every time
my agent runs, like once the Greg
Eisenberg uh uh skill is ready, I could
say like I'm creating the virtual Greg
agent and I'm going to pin a rubric to
that agent that then says every time
Greg creates a piece of content, I want
to score that content along the
dimensions that you care about using a
separate LLM as judge U that fires off
and then I can literally oversee like
how well is my agent doing over time,
right? Right? And if I want to double
click in and inspect any one task run to
see like how did it get scored, I can do
so. So we basically, you know, have this
complete full loop of it's not just like
you get a day one agent or thread
experience that works really well out of
the box. And it's not just like you can
curate agents and deploy them and like
improve them over time, but it's that
you have this complete um observability
layer and kind of this this
orchestration story where you can
actually just like look at all of your
agents running all the time and see how
they're doing. Um and so if I pinned the
um the the eval rubric to any one of
these agents, I would see like the trend
line of how it's scoring. I could then
automatically like suggest um hey maybe
I can reduce the model uh quality so I
drop from opus to sonnet get a five
times reduction in cost and the you know
the score didn't go much down right so
just once people actually start running
agents at scale these kind of secondary
capabilities become really critical
because it's not just about can I get
one agent to do one thing but how do I
like oversee and run an entire business
with many different agents and ensure
consistent quality
which is a big deal because you know for
example if you're using Manis who is the
judge around the output the judge is you
the human being right it's not opus 4.6
six, it's a huge.
>> So, if you're trying to actually create
what we were talking about before, which
is like an agent first business,
>> you know, managing a ton of agents,
you're realistically you're not going to
have the bandwidth to be looking at
every single output totally at all
stages, right?
>> Yeah. It's kind of like management 101,
right? but like applied to agents now
where it's like as you scale up if
you're the CEO of a business like you
just literally don't have time to go and
like look at every single thing that
every single person in the company has
done and so you need to create like
better automated checks and balances to
oversee what the agents are doing right
and like inspect quality of work right
like this would be like if you actually
had like a giant army of human content
creators like you would want some way of
like you know um in a scalable way like
to detect like if they're posting good
or bad content or not, right? And then
know like, okay, we got to tweak like
the guidelines for each of these people.
Okay, so now we have the Greg Eisenberg
contrarian draft skill. Um, and I'm
going to go ahead and save this skill
and I'm going to try seeing like, okay,
let's do a dry run. It's going to scan
today's AI and uh news and trends and
then create some contrarian drafts,
right? And the whole idea here is like
look like it's probably going to do an
okay job on like the the first effort
here. Like it did some research about
you. It kind of like you know it has a
lot of like um context about how you
work, right? And if I wanted to see more
about this uh skill, I could actually
open it up. Here's uh when it should be
used for here's the actual kind of skill
contents. Um Greg's voice is a smart
friend at dinner saying the quiet part
out loud. Uh not a corporate
communicator. I would agree with that.
Um you know, you've been inside all
these companies. uh blah blah blah like
doesn't mean be a jerk. I I I I think
that's very um uh astute. Like you're
loud but like not annoying or like you
know kind of uh rude. Um and then
actually I'm curious if you agree with
some of these um uh stylistic things,
right? Like you got to hook in the first
seven words. Um
>> you know, you don't want like long
blocks of text, which I'm guilty of. So
I I I should take some of this uh Greg
Greg Skillet and apply it to myself. Um,
you love ordered lists. Uh, never end
with what do you think, which is super
generic. Um, so let's just say like this
is a pretty good V1. Like maybe it's
like 50% of the way there. Um, but the
idea is that like these skills should be
evergreen, right? Like it's not like you
do one and done. The whole point is like
every time I use a skill like either
automatically using u you know kind of
the LLM generating learnings and like
suggestions to improve itself or because
I am looking at the content and saying h
that's not quite right like here's why
you got that wrong like you can
interactively tweak and improve the
skills and performance of the agent over
time. So like I think this is the the
the like challenge that a lot of people
face is like they oneshot something it's
not quite like as profound as what they
hoped for and they kind of give up right
and I think like my you know kind of um
strong guiding and urgence to folks and
I think this is very aligned to to how
you've thought about it like is don't
give up after the first shot right like
because it's very very clear that the
agents are powerful enough to do almost
anything you want it to do and the issue
is not whether it's capable of and
whether whether you should like give up
on it. It's whether you are able to
invest the kind of time and coaching and
like curation to get it there. And I
think that like it is well worth it,
right? like um if you get it there, it's
obviously going to be so much leverage
for you that like what's the value of
like having an always on now employee
that just like does the things that you
care about like behind the scenes at all
times and like you know runs for trivial
costs relative to like the the cost of
hiring a new employee. Well, it's like
real life, too, which is like, you know,
when I first started playing tennis, I
was bad at playing tennis. And when I,
you know, would go to play tennis, I I
almost didn't want to go because I was
like, I'm bad at this.
>> Um, but you sort of you you go through
the messy middle and you get better and
better and over time then you end up,
wow, this is a lot of fun. So I think
that once you get to the point where
it's a lot of fun and and it does feel
like the outputs are really good, the
truth is 99% of people don't are not
putting in the work to get to get the
great outputs, right? So you know the
this is the arbitrage. It's for people
to actually, you know, actually invest
in spending time to optimize and get it
to a place where it's high quality.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. It's funny. Um, uh,
one of the benchmark partners sent out
this this memo about like, you know, it
was basically a wakeup call to all of
the the portfolio companies to like, you
know, get with the program and like
really radically rethink how you operate
your business like immediately with AI.
And like the assumption is like you're
probably you think you're doing some or
or some things for AI. You have an AI
like, you know, kind of um uh like, you
know, center of excellence. You have
like this AI feature, but it's not
enough, right? And the the the kind of
parable that they ended with was like
imagine like there's two friends um back
in like call it you know like 200 uh you
know three and they're both going door
too selling like you know kind of knives
right like or some other like you know
kind of inerson uh you know kind of
offline product and one of them decides
you know like every night and weekend
I'm going to spend like 30 minutes like
trying this new Google like Adwords
thing and trying to like get some extra
leads for my business as supplementary
and you know like one month like they
grow a little bit of revenue like from
from the SEO or the SEM thing next month
they get a little bit more and the other
person is like this thing is awesome
like SEM is awesome and it's early but I
need to figure it out and so they stop
going door to door and selling knives at
all and they just spend like the next
few months like just focused on like how
do I get this entirely internet business
to work right in the early days of of it
and like you know two months like they
have zero revenue. They're like living
off like their savings. Um, but they
slowly start to get this thing to start
get get humming, right? to get like
really versed in the best of SEO and SEM
techniques and how do I create an
e-commerce you know kind of um you know
website that like allows people to
transact directly there versus like just
giving them a number to call me and you
know the par the end of the story is
like okay like project forward like 5
years where do you think each of those
people is right and like the obvious
answer is the second person has probably
built like one of the early
multi-billion dollar e-commerce
businesses and just like carved off like
the next Amazon, right? And the other
person's like probably still selling
door to door, which is getting harder
and harder and like, you know, kind of
that that market's shrinking. And so, I
think it is one of those things where
it's like you kind of have to like hit a
reset moment and what feels like, you
know, maybe experimentation and not
actually bringing home the bacon
actually is the most profound thing you
can do to create like real business
leverage in the like not even like
two-year time frame, but like maybe even
like the six month time frame. And I'm
I'm curious like in your experience or
when you see like uh solarreneurs doing
this like where do you see or like how
often like what is the the average like
break even point um literally either in
terms of like you get to the point where
you can like self- sustain a full-time
you know kind of like um uh business
right uh like and that becomes your
paycheck or just even where it like even
feels like it's starting to to pan out.
I think that there's like multiple
milestones that people hit where they,
you know, it's a game of confidence, you
know.
>> Um, when you make your first internet
dollar, no matter what it is, it rewires
your brain.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, so if you can take an idea and make
$1 a stranger, just $1,
>> it's going to rewire your brain. Then I
think once you get to like 10k a month,
>> um, just something about that number,
>> you know, for the most part, once you
hit that, you're probably quitting your
job. you're probably going all in.
You're probably like, "Okay, there's
something here and there's a path to
something bigger."
>> I think that with respect to like
>> agent products and products like this,
you know, the mistake I think a lot of
people make is
they try it too sporadically. So, what I
encourage people to do is to actually
try the product, you know, every single
day for a certain amount of time. So
commit to 30 days, 60 days, 90 days,
some amount of time.
>> So that every single day, it's like in
your calendar, like literally I have in
my calendar like 30 minutes here, 30
minutes there, right?
>> And that's what gets you to be a top 1%
agent builder, right? Because you make
it a part of your workflow
>> and then you end up seeing like, you
know, outsized returns because it
compounds.
>> That makes sense. I mean, it's kind of
like um you know, I'm not a writer, but
like I've heard uh from writer friends
like the most important thing is not to
like wait for like the one weekend where
you're going to have like the spurt of
brilliance and write the whole
screenplay or the whole book all in one
get-go, but it's like you have to force
yourself to write like some pages every
single day, like no stop. Like some of
them are going to be crappy pages, but
like the forced habit like just gets you
better and better and better and then it
becomes like natural. And so I could see
that being very um applicable and and
kind of like analogous here for the
world of like getting agent savvy.
>> So do we have some tweets?
>> Uh so okay, let's look at this. Um
let's see. The consensus narratives are
Oh, this is not loading for some reason.
Um the consensus narratives are getting
louder. Every medium post reads like the
last one. Okay, so here's uh here's one.
The 10K month uh AI solarreneur boom is
mostly content farm fiction. Uh they say
82% of US businesses have zero
employees. Um what do you think about
this one?
>> I mean what I like about it is you know
when I do tweets because I'm a human
being largely there's no data.
>> It's just like I have a hot take.
>> Yeah.
>> So what's cool about this is there's
research and the truth is
>> um
>> the you know people people obviously
want data associated with their tweets.
So
>> yeah, maybe with with a team of hyper
agents uh doing all the research for you
and like coming up with content ideas
now uh now you have time. Um
>> Oh, this is kind of cool. Uh is this
true? Um that Medv is actually not a
legitimate business. I actually I hadn't
um I'd followed like the first arc of of
that story, which is oh my god, this
thing is like so massive. Um, but uh I
mean it's a it's a little letown for
like the the billion-dollar uh startup
story, but like you know maybe there's a
take on it that says like no but like
it's still possible for real this guy
just kind of like gave us all a bad
reputation. Um your AI agents didn't
replace your VA blah blah blah.
It's kind of interesting.
>> Yeah. I mean these are all what I would
call like kernels
>> uh for really good grade tweets.
>> Yeah. like key and and the cool thing is
like I could give it feedback. So like
you know as an example like let's let's
say like uh I want to give you feedback
on your skill. Uh what's like one thing
that you want to like give it some
feedback on?
>> Um I would say
you know the the tweets that tend to do
well are
sound sound very friendto friend. And is
there like do these all just feel like a
little too like like they're not like
colloquial? They feel like Yeah, these
feel a little too
formal or like stiff or something. I
don't know.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. And that's something like I would
notice that,
>> right?
>> Um and so what we can do
like we would put this in the eval,
right?
>> Yeah, you could do both. So, one is like
you could immediately go and turn this
like or update the skill based on this
feedback. You could also have it
immediately just like turn around like a
new draft of these tweets, right, to
sound more colloquial. And then finally,
to your point, I could go and create a
rubric that actually says like, okay,
like here's the five dimensions I care
about and then auto evaluate every
future output, right? Um, so you kind of
have a number of different options like
depending on how far you want to go
right now. Like if you just want to get
your job done right now, you don't want
to bother with Rubric, you don't have
to, right? But eventually like you get
to the point where you want to set up a
scalable system for this to just
constantly work and get better and
better. And that's the point at which
you would do a rubric, which is not that
hard actually. Like it, you know, you
can either go in through the UI and
build one or you can actually in this
chat like say, "Help me build a rubric
to score great Greg style content, which
I'll queue up for after it updates the
skill." um and and then it will go and
help me create that rubric, save it, pin
it to this agent or to this skill and
then automatically run every future um
uh time I create content.
>> And is it possible to for example get an
email every single day at 8 a.m. with
you know some ideas like
>> yeah you absolutely can. So the way to
do that would be in fact you could just
tell it in the thread like can you turn
this into a recurring daily email at 8
a.m. And so then what it's going to do
is like say like I want to now save this
thread into an agent and the agent is
going to be given a run schedule of like
every day 8 a.m. go and do this thing.
Um, we're actually about to ship
something that we're calling a live
mode, which is kind of inspired by like
the open claw like kind of heartbeat
behavior where you could already have
configured an agent to do this just by
saying like I wanted to pull every 30
minutes, but we're making it much more
of a first class thing within hyper
agent where you can literally just click
a button, turn any agent or any thread
alive. And then the feeling is going to
be that like, wow, this thing is just
like constantly on and looking at all of
the like new tweets out there, coming up
with new ideas, and then pushing them to
me either via Telegram or over email or
in Slack whenever it comes up with new
stuff. So like the the um the UX or the
mental model is meant to be like wow
this just becomes like a always on like
24/7 uh agent that uh that pushes ideas
to me or even like can go and like
preemptively draft and post content.
Like if you wanted it to go full yolo,
you could actually have it just go and
like tweet the content itself, right?
>> Good old full yolo mode.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I don't recommend full yolo
mode. just because
I mean
there's no need for for for something
like this, right? Like in order for X
specifically, in order to win, if you
can get one good tweet out every single
day, that's all it is. No one,
>> you know, and
that just means that you could and you
can batch these. You can schedule it
out, but just look at it. Make sure that
that it's it's high quality, it meets
your bar. Yeah. Um, I think I think uh
it's it's definitely worth it for for
this specifically.
>> Yeah, that's fair. I mean, I think that
it, you know, content is a very hits
driven business and so like fewer high
quality hits
>> is what matters. But, you know, there
are there are tons of use cases where
like maybe for my own emails, right?
like there are a subset of emails that
like are low stakes that I just you know
want hyper agent to just automatically
not only draft a reply but like if it
feels confident it's like not a
sensitive you know kind of situation
like you know then just go ahead and
like respond to to it right like you
know it could be simple like inbound
inquiries from like internal folks
saying like hey when you have time to
meet you could just preemptively go
ahead and like suggest a time right or
even like pre-book it on my calendar um
or customer emails that are like
innocuous or like asking for like or
trying to give input on a feature. It
could just compile all that feed
feedback for me as a report but then
respond like with a smart personalized
acknowledgement to the user or even ask
for like clarification.
>> And I think uh you you all have like a
ton of connectors built into Hyper
Agent, right?
>> Yeah. So what's really cool actually is
that um not only do we have a ton of
connectors that just work out of the
box, you click a button ooth in in the
thread, right? So maybe starting a new
one, I could say like what's a tool that
you want to use um with with hyper
agent? It could be like granola
>> notion maybe.
>> Okay. Yeah. Connect. Can I connect to
notion and pull in all my notes? Um, and
so it will just in the thread like say,
"Hey, here here's an ooth link like
connect to your notion." But arguably
one of the most powerful parts is like
even for things that we don't have a
connector to, like let's say there's
some like very obscure API that you're
trying to work with, right? Um, you
could basically have hyper agent go and
learn that API. So actually I'll say
like actually never mind on this. Um,
can you instead help me build an API
integration to what's some like fairly
new tool that you know of that has an
API?
>> I'm assuming Well, do you have Linear
built in here?
>> Uh, we do have a connection to Linear,
but actually maybe maybe Twilio could be
a good example, right? Like where I
don't think you can ooth into Twilio, so
it has to be an API skill. And we may
have a pre-built connector, but I'm
going to have it like build a custom
skill uh regardless. So consult helped
me build a custom skill to integrate
with Twilio via API, right? And um so
now what it's going to hap what what's
going to happen is like it can go and
like research the Twilio API docs,
create a skill for itself to use the API
and then actually ask me to enter my
credentials in a safe way uh and then be
able to like use the Twilio API fully,
right? Um,
so I think like the powerful thing now
is a frontier agent should be able to
like literally do anything right like
but it's just a matter of like you have
to give it access to the right context
and you have to like you know tell it
like hey like yeah you should build a
skill for this so then it can do it
every single future time effortlessly.
Um okay let's say what we want to do SMS
voice for now maybe phone numbers we'll
do an API key off and um any specific
workflows think like maybe actually I
want to build a voice and SMS service
that can call restaurants
for reservations or something right if
you're listening to this and you're not
fired up about building a business right
now. Like the fact that you can do this
>> is crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> If someone has heard about, you know,
this is the first time they're hearing
about Hyper Agent, they want to they
want to get started and they,
>> you know, what's a plan for them to like
what should they do? How do they get
started? How do they get the most out of
Hyper Agent?
I I think like the most often like the
hardest thing to get over is not like
how to use the product like I think you
know our users have said like wow this
product is like super intuitive like I
can usually just like ask the agent to
figure something out and it do goes and
does it so it's not like I have to learn
like a ton of new like configuration or
UI or anything. Um, I think the hardest
part is actually like picking like the
right problem or like the right business
opportunity you want to try to attack
with Hyper Agent, which like Hyper Agent
actually can help you brainstorm that.
In fact, we just shipped a new better
onboarding flow where instead of just
like landing you into a generic, you
know, kind of like empty canvas where
you have to like just pick like a new
thread and, you know, we have some like
templates and so on. Like now when you
first land in, it's going to suggest
like, hey, do you want to like connect
me to all of your contacts? So like
connect me to your uh Gmail and to your
Slack and to like your notion and
granola. And what I'll offer to do is
actually go and like research you like
in your context. So I want to read
through a bunch of your like past weeks
emails and Slacks and like look at your
past granola meetings. And you know, of
course, all that context is private to
you, but like now Hyper Agent is going
to be able to like suggest to you like,
hey, based on everything I've learned
about you, like here's some use cases
that might be relevant to you. So it
seems like you're a VC, maybe you're
like doing a lot of deal flow. I could
create an agent to just go and
automatically like, you know, kind of
summarize and do research on every
investment pitch that you get, right?
So, um, like you can turn me on all the
time. Like I'll just run in the
background and then like ping you uh
every single time you get a inbound
pitch or you can even have it learn the
behavior to thread a private reply to
any uh email that you get inbound from a
founder. Right? So you get an inbound
pitch, Hyper Agent on behalf of you
sends you and only you a just threaded
reply within that email chain saying,
"Hey, I researched this company. I also
summarized all their materials. here's
what you you should know about them,
right? But the whole idea is that like
hyper agent itself can help you identify
use cases or you could come in just with
a really broad prompt like kind of
interested in building building a
solarreneur business. I don't know. I'm
kind of interested in like real estate.
I want to pick one of Greg's uh you know
kind of ideas that are open sourced like
help me plan this out, right? And it
will do a very good job of like going
and running with you on that. So I think
the main thing is like don't get stuck
in the blank slate starting point
problem. like just come in and like, you
know, figure out some place to start.
Maybe it's your personal like, you know,
contacts, maybe it's like you come in
with an idea, but like once you start
get getting into it, like it's it just
sucks you in even more because like you
realize all of what you can do and it's
just so powerful. Like you won't help
but to get better and better at it.
>> Last question before before we head out.
You know, I was just talking to someone
uh on the on another p on actually this
podcast talking about um Hermes a a
agent and one of the things we're
talking about is when you're picking one
of these um platforms be it openclaw,
hyper agent, codeex, whatever you're
sort of like investing in an ecosystem.
My question for you Howe is why should
someone you know invest in the hyper
agent ecosystem? like where do you see
hyper agent going over the next few
years?
>> Yeah, so
we have a lot of experience building
great PLG products. I mean obviously Air
Table itself is a PLG product that also
scaled up into real serious kind of like
businesses right like there are
companies that still run their major
operations whether it's like really
really large like you know kind of
Walmart scale companies like you know
the open eyes of the world but also like
you know we have like like really
innovative fastmoving SMBs some of the
like fastest growing companies like Raor
run a lot of like uh stuff on air table
and you know I think like the the um the
experience that we have of building a
product that's both extremely low floor
and intuitive but then also has a very
high ceiling and scales up even as you
need to scale up the number of agents
you have, how you deploy them, um how
you oversee them. Like that's our
commitment is that we are going to be
the best at giving you both a low floor
and a high ceiling especially as you
want to actually run a serious business
or operations with hyper agent, right?
So I think that's that's going to be
kind of unique where I see the landscape
fragmenting into like there's going to
be really easy fun kind of prototyping
tools and products that are kind of like
easy to get started with but then
ultimately don't scale with you as you
want to become like a real serious
enterprise built around these agents and
then conversely there's going to be more
like heavy kind of agent builder
products right with like configuration
and like controls and all that stuff
that are going to be better from like a
control plane standpoint from be able to
like oversee a fleet of agent
standpoint, but make the initial
experience and the graduation path like
a lot more clunky, right? Or just like a
really sharp uh wall to overcome. So, I
think our commitment is this product is
going to be the best combination of low
floor and high ceiling. And we're always
going to have this obsession with great
UX. Like, that's our DNA. That's like
what I obsess over. And the only kind of
company that I want I want to build is
one that wins in a product category
where the value of the software or the
technology is very very high, but the
accessibility is really kind of the key
differentiator that we win on, right? So
agents are going to be powerful. We're
not going to be the only powerful agent
product out there. Like I think Frontier
agents are all going to get better and
smarter and faster and and so on. But
what we can do is use really great
product design just like Apple did with
computing to make the powerful
experience also really accessible.
>> Yeah, it really is the most Hyper Agent
is the most visual agent builder I've
ever seen. It reminds me of a a desk.
>> Like when you know I'm looking at my
desk, it's a wood desk right now. And
I've got I'm like I have a paper over
here and some scribbles over here and my
iPad over there. To me, that's what uh
Hyper Agent kind of feels and looks
like. It feels like a desk that I'm like
visualizing it.
>> Um so, I think for people who like,
you know, connect like that, and I'm I'm
certainly one of those people. I think a
lot of people are just going to be like,
"Sign me up."
>> Totally. Yeah. Yeah, I mean look like
you know for people who don't like UI
and want to just like use their computer
through the terminal like all day every
day like
>> howie some people are like they're
they're you know um they're obs what
they love doing is like
>> obsessing over tuning every single
detail and stuff like that. And those
people th you know
>> that an open claw might be for them,
right? But if you're more
>> like yeah that but I believe that like
you don't have to sacrifice the
tunability right or the like the power
and so you know one of our strong design
philosophies here is that like hyper
agent still does give you a lot of
control like you can go and tweak you
know kind of like agent configuration if
you want to if you want to like choose
the exact model and system prompt and
tools and like give it a lot of
refinement you can and like you can go
quite far in terms of curating memories.
Uh we actually just shipped yesterday a
kind of like a defrag tool for your
memory so that as you accumulate more
and more memories across all these
different agents you have this like
really elegant way of like defragging
them right where like we can autosuggest
here are related memories clustered by
both like you know keyword as well as
like embeddings similarity so that we're
actually understanding the content of
the memories and you can consolidate
them but they're like you know we want
to really serve both people who are like
power users who want control over how
the agent is set up so they can get
maximum bleeding edge performance. But
then also, you know, like you shouldn't
have to do all that to get value out of
the product. So, it really is about the
range. I think it's more just that like
if you are truly, you know, happy just
like doing it all yourself through like
a very, you know, kind of like um uh
low-level command line interface kind of
kind of experience. and like you're okay
not having the control plane like the
deployability the ability to oversee
many agents and deploy them at scale and
manage across a team then you know may
maybe those people like aren't going to
appreciate hyper agent as much
>> totally well I'm stoked to see how it
evolves thanks for doing a little
showand tell you got me fired up
>> how we
>> I'll include links uh where to follow
you but also where to sign up to Hyper
agent in the description in the show
notes
Um,
>> and we're going to do a really generous
um, credits giveaway for your listeners.
Um, I mean, one of the benefits of
launching Hyper Agent within Air Table,
which is a half billion revenue
business. We're going to generate
hundred million of free cash flow, uh,
you know, this year. Like we have over a
billion dollars on our balance sheet.
That's not to like, you know, ju just be
pretentious about it, but is that like,
you know, we've built a good and and
growing and like, you know, kind of
profitable business with Air Table that
allows us to be even more generous and
liberal with like we just want to get
people to really adopt Hyper Agent, get
value out of it, and we want it to
become the standard, right? Like we want
it to become like the iPhone. And so,
you know, we're willing to be very, very
generous. like we're not trying to make
money and nickel and dime people on uh
you know on pricing. In fact, like we're
giving away multipliers to uh you know
your your uh audience and and early
adopters um for both like just straight
up cash that gets applied towards real
model costs including like opus which
now uh you know as a lot of the openclaw
community has uh gotten uh kind of sad
about like you can't get subsidized
credit for uh for use in openclaw. Um,
but like you can use Opus, you can get
the Frontier models and you can get it
much more cheaply because we're willing
to subsidize it through Hyper Agent.
>> Well, we this is a group of people who
listening to this who appreciate that
because this is a group of people who
actually,
>> you know, they listen and they actually
go and build stuff. So,
>> uh, thanks for the love, Howie. And um
>> I love I love this um the the
solopreneur and like you know small uh
early stage like startup and small
business owner you know audience. I
think um you know it it is where more AI
innovation is going to happen far faster
than frankly within many large kind of
incumbent companies right you just have
the the agility and like the only thing
keeping you from going and deploying
agents everywhere is like just your
willingness and like putting in a little
bit of time right uh but you know we're
already seeing in our early adoption
base with hyper agent like you know some
of these like um small shops have become
super soph sophisticated really really
fast and are running their operations in
kind of gamechanging way that frankly
like a 50,000 person company would not
be able to do for a much much much
longer time, right? And just has all
kinds of like you know kind of reasons
why they wouldn't be able to go and
pivot on a dime. I think this is a
really really awesome uh audience and
you know I kind of live to see you know
uh entrepreneurs like do awesome stuff
right like uh so super exciting to to be
plugged into community to the community
and like I want to see uh you know your
listener base generate like you know a
hundred billion dollar uh you know kind
of legit companies with like less than
five employees
>> from your lips to God's ears baby.
Thanks a lot Howie. Um I'll see you next
time. Awesome. See you.